Question(1): Who is George Washington?
Correct Answer: George Washington was an American political leader, military general, statesman, and Founding Father who also served as the first president of the United States from 1789 to 1797.
My System Answer: George Washington was an American political leader, military general, statesman, and Founding Father who also served as the first president of the United States from 1789 to 1797. (correct)

Question(2): Who is Donald Trump?
Correct Answer: Donald J Trump is the 45th and current president of the United States.
My System Answer: Donald J Trump is the 45th and current president of the United States. (correct)

Question(3): Who is Oprah Winfrey?
Correct Answer: Oprah Winfrey is an American media executive, actress, talk show host, television producer and philanthropist.
My System Answer: Oprah Winfrey is an American media executive, actress, talk show host, television producer and philanthropist. (correct)

Question(4): Where is Budapest?
Correct Answer: Budapest is in Hungary.
My System Answer: Budapest is in Hungary, and the tenth-largest city in the European Union by population within city limits. (correct)

Question(5): Where is Central Park?
Correct Answer: Central Park is an urban park in Manhattan, New York City.
My System Answer: Central Park is an urban park in Manhattan, New York City. (correct)

Question(6): What is a bicycle?
Correct Answer: A bicycle is a human-powered or motor- powered, pedal-driven, single-track vehicle, having two wheels attached to a frame, one behind the other.
My System Answer: A bicycle is a human-powered or motor- powered, pedal-driven, single-track vehicle, having two wheels attached to a frame, one behind the other. (correct)

Question(7): Who is George Washington?
Correct Answer: Chemical engineering is a branch of engineering that uses principles of chemistry, physics, mathematics, biology, and economics to efficiently use, produce, transform, and transport chemicals, materials, and energy.
My System Answer: Chemical engineering is a branch of engineering that uses principles of chemistry, physics, mathematics, biology, and economics to efficiently use, produce, transform, and transport chemicals, materials, and energy. (correct)

Question(8): What is summer?
Correct Answer: Summer is the hottest of the four temperate seasons, falling after spring and before autumn.
My System Answer: Summer is the hottest of the four temperate seasons, falling after spring and before autumn. (correct)

Question(9): When is Christmas?
Correct Answer: Christmas is on December 25.
My System Answer: Christmas is on December 25. (correct)

Question(10): When is Mardi Gras?
Correct Answer: Mardi Gras , or Fat Tuesday, refers to events of the Carnival celebration, beginning on or after the Christian feasts of the Epiphany and culminating on the day before Ash Wednesday.
My System Answer: Mardi Gras , or Fat Tuesday, refers to events of the Carnival celebration, beginning on or after the Christian feasts of the Epiphany and culminating on the day before Ash Wednesday . (correct)

Question(11): Who is Elon Musk?
Correct Answer: Elon Reeve Musk is a technology entrepreneur, investor, and engineer.
My System Answer: Elon Musk Elon Reeve Musk is a technology entrepreneur, investor, and engineer. (incorrect)

Question(12): Who is Spongebob?
Correct Answer: Spongebob Squarepants is an anthropomorphic sponge who lives in a pineapple under the sea in the idyllic town of Bikini Bottom. 
My System Answer: Spongebobis. (incorrect)

Question(13): Who is the president of the United States?
Correct Answer: Donald Trump is the president of the United States.
My System Answer: The President of the United States is the head of state and head of government of the United States of America. (inccorect)

Question(14): Where are the Himalayas?
Correct Answer: The Himalayas stretch across the northeastern portion of India.
My System Answer: Himalayas is loosely used to include the Karakoram and some of the other ranges. (incorrect)

Question(15): Where are the Appalachian mountains?
Correct Answer: The Appalachian Mountains are a system of mountain ranges running along the eastern coast of North America from Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada, in the north to Alabama, USA, in the south.
My System Answer: I do not know the answer. (incorrect)

Question(16): What is the meaning of life?
Correct Answer: he meaning of life, or the answer to the question "What is the meaning of life?", pertains to the significance of living or existence in general.
My System Answer: The meaning of life is the meaning of life?, pertains to the significance of living or existence in general. (incorrect)

Question(17): Where are elephants?
Correct Answer: African savannah elephants are found in savannah zones in 37 countries south of the Sahara Desert.
My System Answer: Elephants are large mammals of the family Elephantidae in the order Proboscidea. (incorrect)

Question(18): Who is Kurt Vonnegut?
Correct Answer: Kurt Vonnegut Jr. was an American writer.
My System Answer: I could not find any information on kurt vonnegut.

Question(19): When is a leap year?
Correct Answer: Leap year 2020 will begin on Wdnesday, January 1.
My System Answer: leap year is a calendar year containing one additional day added to keep the calendar year synchronized with the astronomical or seasonal year. (incorrect)

Question(20): When is an avacado ripe?
Correct Answer: If the avocado yields to firm gentle pressure you know it's ripe and ready-to-eat.
My System Answer: I could not find any information on avacado ripe. (incorrect)